jontron
I will wait a lifetime
my love for I know you will return to me
one day every last of the 3500 miles
from Southampton to the Big Apple feels
like a dagger of infinity thrust between
our hearts my sweet darling we were to
be reunited once again this man and
bride we were to finally escape the
persecution of our family's name but as
fate would have it all our hopes and
dreams were swallowed whole with you
into the oceans of mists I could swear
it were all a lie and I could see your
ship there just on the horizon the rest
have forgotten but that was so many
years ago now but I have not forsaken
you oh dear what's this Titanic the
legend goes on a full-length animated
feature based on the legend of the
Titanic wait he's just a legend it's
just a silly old legend I thought was
like a real thing or a real boat with
with people on it that sink and they
died
I suppose that means my girlfriend is
not real then I guess there were some
signs along the way when we were at that
restaurant the waiter he said why did
you order two meals and not eat one of
them and he just left it there to get
cold
and I said curb your tongue that's my
lady and soon she will be departing on
the great steam liner known as the
Titanic
that is definitely a real ship in the
real world and he said wait what she was
real to me today's topic of discussion
the animated children's film Titanic the
legend goes on yeah I don't even know
where to begin with this one this movie
was released in Italy in the year 2000
and for some reason it's based on the
infamously tragic story of the RMS
Titanic of course why wouldn't it be
it's perfect material for a kid's film
think of all the funny slapstick
situations that could arise here first
to Tennant now this I'm forced to talk
about the Titanic yet again what can I
say I guess a true story about a bunch
of people freezing to death really makes
for some good media this of course takes
a close second of my other favorite
questionably topic youth feature beauty
the Trail of Tears or as it's known in
the American localized version
Pocahontas I don't really know what more
to say about this i mean this film
provides a great deal more questions and
answers it's somewhat of a rite of
passage to see this for yourself so
without further ado let the paint begin
as you can see the man Nate the legend
responsible for this is a guy named
Camilo Teddy I'm sure to go down in
history as one of el italiano primo hey
what's with these names human McGann
okay I guess that's just a foreign name
but Scarl poor bastard
his name was so beautiful before the
accident so much potential
mm-hmm would you look at that they got
to the point real fast on that one huh
they sake that son of a [__] right away
so throughout this bizarre first scene
we're shown a diverse cast of characters
that I can only assume are from the
events preceding this one you know like
before the ship sinks I guess they were
just trying to do a little something
special here little memento meets
Titanic really bold filmmaking what
sorrow I feel for these characters so
close to my own heart
red-haired lady brown haired guy old
woman 1 & 2 currently drowning human and
of course 101 Dalmatians
honey well what now Pongo say you hey I
saved more people when you could save
two dogs will live for a collective
three years after the end of this film
I guess Disney royalty will get you far
in this life
whoops what are you two laughing at what
changed here I'm glad this man's violent
death brought you momentary join
distraction from the sinking of your
ship maybe they were just enjoying his
perfect 10 year so weird they just keep
looping the same shots over and over and
showing things that don't even look like
they pertain to the moment at hand
oh and it's over the movie now decides
to start for real hope everyone's ready
for some laughs for some fun let's go on
this animated adventure together maybe
by the end of it we'll be laughing like
two old ladies on the verge of death on
a lifeboat huh could happen how can
anyone be expected to try to enjoy this
movie after being given that intro going
into this movie everyone already knows
how it's gonna end but then they just
reminded us in painstaking detail you
want to now have to anticipate all these
characters dying I'm supposed to get
invested in them emotionally camilo you
just gave me up the [__] final
destination vision of all my friends
deaths you blue nitaac so the story
begins for real this time with the girl
we saw in the previous scene on a train
opening a locket which seems to have a
picture of herself inside it I'll never
forget you me moping over that picture
you're never going to find the precious
yeah and for all intents and purposes I
hope that [__] is dead serves you right
for sitting quietly on a train you're
wrong I will find her and my father too
I'll find them both well I guess that's
that
that came together very well here we
have the obligatory scene where all the
characters and introducers are boarding
the ship although only about 1/3 of them
seem to have any semblance of
originality if you could call any of
this original why are there
anthropomorphic animals boarding the
ship and not to mention every last one
of them is based on some Disney or Don
Bluth character no in fact just about
every character in this film is ripped
off from something else
you've got granny from Looney Tunes you
got a Cinderella thing going on here
with the main character there's the
Dalmatians as previously discussed the
mice from americantale the crow from
secretin in Cheshire cat from Alice in
Wonderland Belle from Beauty and the
Beast and the geese straight out of the
Aristocats and it goes on from there I
just really don't understand where they
could have been coming from when they
were making this ripping off a bunch of
classic cartoon characters and putting
them on the Titanic Camilla you trying
to make some sort of sick twisted
reality show
Camilla what are you doing how would he
go to us what are you doing
so Oh No
Angelica here dropped her things Oh
Angelica you really are what a nice man
picking it up for you you are let's hope
it's a smooth crossing excuse me the
[__] did you just say do you know
something we don't you got something to
say why so devious wait a second I
recognize that voice
you're not really an old man I knew it
he was the iceberg all along I suppose
it's easy pickings at this point but
what's with the jerky animation half the
time it doesn't even seem like the
animators knew what they wanted from
each shot
it's as if two directors constantly
battled about what emotion the character
in question should be displaying at any
given moment not to mention the
downright abruptly time dialogue this is
oh thanks well I must've dropped this I
really owe you one is that all you have
to say Italian Mouse I suppose you're
gonna forget about AI oh and you it's
near impossible to follow what's going
on in this movie I'm not even
exaggerating there are so many
characters doing so many things in such
a short span of time
I even found myself mixing the
characters up for real the first time I
watched this I legitimately didn't know
these two old ladies were different
characters they're different characters
there's just two evil stepmothers in
this hey more evils better right
oh okay so let me get this straight to
crow he stole the pin out of the
squirrels hat there squirrel notice turn
around
well then he left and the significance
of that was what's with the calcium's
guys we've been on tourists and yard
wait til they're home and we'll charge
us to join you
I play wicked bongos you know hey listen
I'm sorry I didn't mean to make you guys
uncomfortable I'll turn the movie off
now if it helps and you don't mind me
I'll be over here in the corner
celebrating the death of my own
innocence I can still hear the screams
papa
the van the clown cop of mine hey guy I
don't think the captain can hear you
what you're saying is interesting at all
but at this moment I think his brain is
internally swelling and away she goes
beginning the most magical of Legends
that definitely never happened at all I
swear in the next scene were met with
the two evil stepsisters seemingly
deciding what to wear
did I stroke out did they stroke out
someone has stroking out I didn't do
anything to alter that that's how the
movie comes packaged that's how it's
meant to be it's art so from what I can
gather here the main storyline is that
Angelica here loses her prized locket
and a search for it begins sort of
broken china joints what can a
sociopathic person wrote this movie who
can even get into such a headspace
throughout the movie Angelica's seen
being nice to the animals around the
house especially the one little mouse so
the animals like her and elect to help
her find the lost locket you're having
we talked to frits about you know
there's something you should know so I'm
gonna tell you so don't sweat it forget
it
enjoy the show working all day now it's
time to unwind kick back relax take a
load with your mind what the [__]
[__] there was no hint of this being a
musical and then all of a sudden the dog
the dog here he comes to such rapping
rapping hip-hop rapping in a style of
music it won't be invented for some 70
years after the scene ends all set
against a modern day midtown Manhattan
well listen listen to me rhyming dawg a
two can play at this game
and also what does the mouse say after
this all happens before you I would be
now in someone else's digestion
I'll take broken English for 800 what
what have you done again nothing
happened the first time to warrant this
happening again
this is the first time I've seen you I
thank you what is it a common occurrence
for you to go tying the legs of
strangers together on a giant boat also
seriously who are you what who is this
who was that what's happening watch out
for a couple of weirdos a kind of crazy
red-haired cat and someone I hesitate to
call one of us dog which dog who's this
dog dogs
I'm the Titanic she's sinking the pod is
sinking quick fire emergency riders and
at long last our star-crossed lovers
meet and she instantly makes a pose as
if she were trying to imitate what she
saw someone doing the cover of Vogue I
don't think she realizes what she looks
like there I think in her head it's
looking a lot better paint me like one
of your french boys paint me I bet you
look ravishing in this whoa slow down
Romeo alright leave some to the
imagination I'm pretty sure that's a
big-ass pair of granny panties I don't
know that you really do want to see her
in that darling are these your skid
marks
Wow he's going in for the touchdown and
then she just walks away that typical
you know she doesn't even want to be
viciously molested talk about playing
hard to get and just like that the next
scene starts up with a new Mouse I don't
remember this guy he is holding an
adorable tiny candle though I mean come
on that's got to be one very small
candle did he get that thing custom-made
eat up while you can boys you'll need
your strength for the Mexican winter I
really have no idea who this mouse could
be or why we're watching this so let's
just move on it pretend it didn't happen
I think I must be going a bit soft in
the head
you're telling me Patrick Bateman Prince
Charming as a pea brain you gotta be
pulling my leg huh well I've never had a
proper family so I've always dreamed of
making one but I don't want to rush
things I have a whole life ahead of me
oh that's nice that's real nice wait how
does this movie end again
oh yeah I wouldn't count on that whole
life thing Oh Andy's gone
excuse me madam you were talking to a
young lady how can I find her
I know she often comes out here for
walks oh I must go in now hey granny
where are you going you're just gonna
bail on the convo he's still talking to
you he's asking you a question you can't
do that
oh my god grannies aware of her own bail
she literally looks back and then
lumbers away full Sasquatch mode oh god
no no not this wonderful singer I was
too busy looking for someone are you
gonna say something you're just not
gonna reciprocate there I don't even
know your name will I see you at the
reception tonight that all depends if I
get unstuck from being in five frames
per second so after this encounter
Angelica goes back to granny's room and
explains how sad she is that she can't
go to the reception with the guy she
just met because she has nothing to wear
upon hearing this granny offers Angelica
her old dress from her youth which she
for some reason has with her on the ship
I haven't since my board Frances took me
to the Opera for the first and last time
Oh granny how heartwarming wait first
and last
granny something you want to talk about
his uncle Francis is he all right
also I don't want to know what happened
in around or near that dress if granny
was so fond to that night yeah I
wouldn't do that Angelica so my uncle
Francis might still be on there if you
know what I'm saying just make sure this
ball doesn't have a black light theme
what am i faster mother say I'm furnace
and Hortense I wouldn't worry about them
yeah mainly because I think no one knows
who they are or if they're even in this
movie
oh hey is that uncle Francis back from
the grave to give granny one more night
of fun oh now it's just two mice with a
knife shoulda guessed huh classic how
quaint
a raven fell through the exhaust grate
in my cabin all right I can see you
serious just please leave me and my
family out of this
thank you what are you doing you're
gonna get a disease this is how the
Black Plague started what you weren't
sure I think this is one of those things
you got to be sure about this isn't
third class
shake the Bradbury New York Police
Department
well the [__] are you I'm here heating
kognito on a special assignment I wanna
catch the suspects red-handed get it no
somebody broke into my cabin and stole
the locket but that's all they took
excuse me I couldn't help hearing what
you said bro what's with the red hair
and black beard combo not a good look
for you once again who is this and why
thank you thank you I'm sorry I'm just a
little embarrassed that my sneezes I
think they make me look like a little
scared boy
Wow it's beautiful the song that plays
about them is already in total longer
than the amount of time they've actually
spent in each other's presence I'm not
sure what's going on here but the guy in
the black hair is taking some sort of
issue with Angelica and then he comes up
and straight up points to her tits for
like 10 seconds realistically I think he
was just trying to save her from the
clutches of Jack the charming it was
that girl what was that perhaps the
locket is back with its rightful owner
what does he mean by that
yeah what does he mean by that no you
know nothing about me nothing what do
you mean I know oh wait no you're right
I do know absolutely zero about you
besides your name if I don't even think
I know your name
you didn't tell me you just walked away
maybe we should just call this whole
thing off or at least think it through
nothing you could tell me could prevent
me from loving you even if I were to say
something like I reject all your sexual
advances oh yeah okay no I can now see
that that is not going to stop you
either what's going on here how'd
everyone get to a vantage point to watch
this all at once nobody noticed they're
being watched here and they lived
happily ever after as skeletons at the
bottom of the ocean hey everything went
perfectly to plan what a perfect scene
am i right ten out of ten okay I think
we're done with the worst of it love
interest kissed everything's falling
into place
the movies got to wrap up at some point
now come on come on baby this one out at
least it makes more sense than hip hop
dog in terms of time period Oh No well
this is getting sinister I've got a bad
feeling about this never seen this
before that's not just ice
let me just get him focus here you got a
nice burn hello there's an iceberg right
in our boss delicious I told you snap
carnist number
so finally the iceberg hits general
mayhem ensues and all the character is
scrambled to reach the boats exit
yeah buddy save that energy don't want
to expend it before you get rowing
yay what what horror eyewitness that day
surely I will never forget it as long as
I live wow I can't believe it
this movie is finally drawing to a close
so William the love interest breaks a
window with a wicker chair somehow it
escapes the ship
all the while Angelica seems unaffected
by his suspected untimely death do you
still have a picture in a locket yes
ever since my mother puts it around my
neck as a baby and then laughter because
she was forced to no please no oh yes
all along this woman was Angelica's
mother
hooray she's been found oh but her dad
she said she'd find my father too I'll
find them both now he's dead still or
missing or worse dead and missing but at
least she found her mom look over there
it looks like someone in the water oh my
god there he is just the nick of time
false alarm it's not William throw him
back are you serious it's the detective
with the red hair and mismatched beard
from earlier so the literal only reason
for that character exisiting was for
this one gag at the end of the film the
bait and switch
I bet the writers really patted
themselves on the back for this one but
then an a joyous twist of fate William
is recovered
please will you where's William what do
you have the brain of a baby
you don't got object permanence yet the
moment he's out of sight he's just he's
gone from your reality please what okay
no never mind
close them throw me back
and on that day they lived happily ever
after but just then it was honestly
pretty terrible for just about everyone
else
most of them perished but at least a
Mexican funny my slave wait a minute
wait a minute why are you going to move
you think of it yet
what no no come on don't you want to
know what happened to everybody we're
sitting really pretty no no you can't be
serious
there's a where are they now segment
I'll tell you where they are now at the
bottom of the [__] ocean are you
crazy but this isn't even the only
Italian animated Titanic film that
features talking mites the other being
called The Legend of the Titanic the
legend of the Titanic did Italy just
miss the news that day was that the day
the world's biggest meatball was made
the Titanic sinking was just a footnote
right at the bottom it looks like I need
to lay her to rest once and for all so
we can all move on I'll never let go of
what you've done to me that is which is
quite a lot really you're a terrible
terrible thing to the depths with you
thank you so much for watching if you
like what I do here consider supporting
my awesome sponsor Harry's razors and
these guys make wonderful high-end
razors that leave you feeling like a
fresh man or woman that you I'm not
judging you know if you use my special
coupon code John trying to check out
you'll get five dollars off your first
purchase
that's a nice code that means you could
snag their starter set for just ten
bucks
that's the Razr three blades and your
choice of gel or cream god bless america
hey we got some new shirts over the
edicom just in case you wanted some of
those please tell me you want some